beauty is in the video today are teaching
how to make the fastest own
this helps people who have a trophy
It took me 45 minutes to get in. It 's me.
I understood crossfire because I did not
recognized and recommended is a
anger takes so long , but let's go there
You're going to teach me how to start.
how about any windows 7
windows xp windows 8
I do not know, I'm never a fan of windows 8
is but come on is that you choose
Run Run the capital but not
has nothing to do but watched even more
why ms with fig take and put m.sc
and othon and ne and o feg will give an ok
this is more for those who have windows xp
who has 87 only competes with aya runs to
system settings that go to
this segment
It's the same but it appears here but it's
more for those of xp
This one from the neighborhood plays the part
that this is normal, this cbf endorsement
system startup options
advanced
there the processor number a6 places it
how much you have one more I can do
anything
there is maximum memory there that I know
lives up there and said it will take and
maximum of your memory
then you'll apply and give it a okay, right?
Feels like I'm recording.
then his gifts bank in
properties of cro fire and come what
looks no details only versions that the
run program in colloquial mode in
windows 2000 service pack that
It's the lightest thing you can do to eliminate this
faster
then you choose to run colors
deactivates visual terms and disables
composition on the desktop not
people are going to provide work is
run program as administrator of the
applying any one withdrawal O
while still applying an ok
Okay, then, I know if I'll go in.
air collapse
he will keep this thing coming to
curitiba and so it just has nothing to
see saw people in the neighborhood verdão
the six that came out if you're going to travel
profile then
So, people, this was my video today.
if you enjoyed a gift you sign up for
and gives a young man help here is ours
video will be released
and if you did not like leave the page and
not need not play because it does not
help the channel
but if you do not if you want to give or
Do not you run, that's the name of today.
alert and thanks